README.md, before:

## Remote - Control your iPhone from Xcode

"Remote" is a plugin for Xcode that allows you to control an iPhone 
from a window on your Mac during development. Originally created to avoid
having to pick  up a device during testing you can record "macros" 
of device touches and replay them. It will also compare the resulting screen
output against a snapshot for end-to-end testing. The Macro window is an 
editable WebView that can be modified at will.

![Icon](http://injectionforxcode.johnholdsworth.com/remote.png)

To use, download the zipped source for this plugin, build and restart 
Xcode. You can then patch your project's main.m to include the Remote 
client header using "Product/Remote/Patch App" or it can load from a 
bundle on the fly if using the simulator. When using a device check that
the correct IP address has been patched into main.m so the device can connect.
To use with Swift, add an empty main.m to your project so it can be patched.

The display shadowing window will not display by default. Use the
Menu item "Product/Remote/Load" to have it appear. Thereafter, touches
on the shadow display or device applied and recorded. To save a macro 
or a sequence of touches, enter a name into the textfield towards the 
bottom of the touch display and click the save button. You can then 
replay the macro either by loading it using the pulldown menu 
at the top of the touch display and clicking replay or directly from 
the "Product/Remote/<Macro Name>" Menu.

For end-to-end testing, include a snapshot in a macro by clicking
the "Snapshot" button. On replay, the macro will pause until the screen 
matches the snapshot within the specified tolerance or it will timeout 
asking if you would like to update the snapshot or the tolerance used 
(remember to save the updated macro.) The units of tolerance are the 
number of bytes the screen image differs after the run length encoding
of simular pixel values. 

### Macro entries logged/replayed:

- Hardware &lt;hw.machine> - device type from sysctlbyname()

- Device &lt;screen width> &lt;screen height> &lt;snapshot scale> &lt;device scale>

- Begin &lt;wait time> &lt;x> &lt;y> [&lt;x2> &lt;y2>] - touch(s) start

- Moved/Ended &lt;ditto> touches moved/ended - two touches maximum

- Expect timeout:&lt;seconds> tolerance:&lt;bytes different>.. &lt;snapshot>

### Implementation Classes

UI:

- RMPluginController - interface between the Remote display and Xcode

- RMWindowController - macro re-player and overall nib controller

- RMMacroManager - controls display, saving and loading of macros

Internal (connected by protocol RMDeviceDelegate):

- RMImageView - subclass of NSImageView for event capture/device display

- RMDeviceController - interface between remote display and device

- RemoteCapture.h - #imported into application's main.m to connect to Xcode

### Limitations

Remote uses [UIWindow.layer renderInContext:] so most activity on the device is 
captured including the keyboard but excepting video replay and openGL layers.
UIAlertView prompts are also not captured as they seem to render outside the window
hierarchy. Finally, UIDatePickers are not rendered correctly at all although they will 
respond to events. To preserve network bandwidth to the device animations are not played.

### Not quite an MIT License

Copyright (C) 2014 John Holdsworth

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to use the software for iOS development but it can only be redistributed in source form without charge through github and subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update to README, removed "@" fro server IP, perform window resize on main queue.

README.md, after:

## Remote - Control your iPhone from Xcode

"Remote" is a plugin for Xcode that allows you to control an iPhone 
from a window on your Mac during development. Originally created to avoid
having to pick  up a device during testing you can record "macros" 
of device touches and replay them. It will also compare the resulting screen
output against a snapshot for end-to-end testing. The Macro window is an 
editable WebView that can be modified at will.

![Icon](http://injectionforxcode.johnholdsworth.com/remote.png)

To use, download the zipped source for this plugin, build and restart 
Xcode. You can then patch your project's main.m to include the Remote 
client header using "Product/Remote/Patch App" or it can load from a 
bundle on the fly if using the simulator. When using a device check that
the correct IP address has been patched into main.m so the device can connect.
To use with Swift, add an empty main.m to your project so it can be patched.

The display shadowing window will not display by default. Use the
Menu item "Product/Remote/Load" to have it appear. Thereafter, touches
on the shadow display or device applied and recorded. To save a macro 
or a sequence of touches, enter a name into the textfield towards the 
bottom of the touch display and click the save button. You can then 
replay the macro either by loading it using the pulldown menu 
at the top of the touch display and clicking replay or directly from 
the "Product/Remote/<Macro Name>" Menu.

For end-to-end testing, include a snapshot in a macro by clicking
the "Snapshot" button. On replay, the macro will pause until the screen 
matches the snapshot within the specified tolerance or it will timeout 
asking if you would like to update the snapshot or the tolerance used 
(remember to save the updated macro.) The units of tolerance are the 
number of bytes the screen image differs after the run length encoding
of simular pixel values. 

### Macro entries logged/replayed:

- Hardware &lt;hw.machine> - device type from sysctlbyname()

- Device &lt;screen width> &lt;screen height> &lt;snapshot scale> &lt;device scale>

- Begin &lt;wait time> &lt;x> &lt;y> [&lt;x2> &lt;y2>] - touch(s) start

- Moved/Ended &lt;ditto> touches moved/ended - two touches maximum

- Expect timeout:&lt;seconds> tolerance:&lt;bytes different>.. &lt;snapshot>

### Implementation Classes

UI:

- RMPluginController - interface between the Remote display and Xcode

- RMWindowController - macro re-player and overall nib controller

- RMMacroManager - controls display, saving and loading of macros

Internal (connected by protocol RMDeviceDelegate):

- RMImageView - subclass of NSImageView for event capture/device display

- RMDeviceController - interface between remote display and device

- RemoteCapture.h - #imported into application's main.m to connect to Xcode

RemoteCapture.h requires a patched main.m to be compiled using ARC.

### Limitations

Remote uses [UIWindow.layer renderInContext:] so most activity on the device is 
captured including the keyboard but excepting video replay and openGL layers.
UIAlertView prompts are also not captured as they seem to render outside the window
hierarchy. Finally, UIDatePickers are not rendered correctly at all although they will 
respond to events. To preserve network bandwidth to the device animations are not played.

Please note: for some reason it takes about a minute before Xcode will accept remote
connections on it's server socket (firewall complications?). After restarting Xcode
you may need to wait a while before being able to use the Remote plugin from a device.

### Not quite an MIT License

Copyright (C) 2014 John Holdsworth

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to use the software for iOS development but it can only be redistributed in source form without charge through github and subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
